doc/md: atlas vs others doc (#2710)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/atlas-vs-others.mdx

|                         | Description                | Atlas | Liquibase | Flyway    | ORMs    |
|-------------------------|----------------------------|-------|-----------|-----------|---------|
| Schema-as-code          | How is the schema defined? | ✅     | Revisions | Revisions | Mix     |
| Auto migration planning | How are changes planned?   | ✅     | Manual    | Manual    | Manual* |
| Auto code review        | How is safety ensured?     | ✅     | Some      | Some      | Some    |
| CLI Support             | Is CLI support available?  | ✅     | ✅        | ✅        | ✅       |
| Kubernetes Operator     | Natively deploy from k8s   | ✅     | ☒         | ☒         | ☒       |
| Terraform Provider      | Natively deploy from TF    | ✅     | ☒         | ☒         | ☒       |
| Database Support        | Database driver count      | 9      | 60        | 31        | Varies  |

\* Exceptions exist

### Schema-as-code

What is the source-of-truth for your database schema?

|            | Atlas | Liquibase | Flyway | ORMs |
|------------|-------|-----------|--------|------|
| ORM Models | ✅     | ☒        | ☒      | Mix  |
| Migrations | ✅     | ✅       | ✅     | Mix  |

> | SQL Model  | ✅     | ☒        | ☒      | ☒    |
> | HCL        | ✅     | ☒        | ☒      | ☒    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SQL Schema  | ✅     | ☒        | ☒      | ☒    |
| HCL        | ✅     | ☒        | ☒      | ☒    |
```
SQL Model?

| TiDB         | ✅     | ☒         | ✅      | Some |
| CockroachDB  | ✅     | ✅         | ✅      | Some |
| MongoDB      | ☒     | ✅         | ✅      | Some |
| Apache Derby | ☒     | ✅         | ✅      | ☒    |
| Full List    | [Here](https://atlasgo.io/features#database-support) | [47 more..](https://www.liquibase.com/supported-databases) | [18 more..](https://documentation.red-gate.com/flyway/flyway-cli-and-api/supported-databases)       | -     |

As you can see from the table, Liquibase and Flyway, having been around for a longer time support the largest
amount of databases. Atlas, being a newer tool, supports fewer databases but is rapidly expanding its support.

## Conclusion

We created Atlas to provide a modern, schema-as-code approach to database schema management. Atlas by no means
is the best solution in every case and for every team but we hope this document has provided you with some
insight into how Atlas compares to other tools and where it may be a good fit for your project.

If you are interested in learning more about Atlas, we recommend you check out the [Quickstart Guide](/getting-started)
and continue exploring the [documentation](/).

> As always, we would love to hear your feedback and suggestions on the [Atlas Discord server](https://discord.gg/zZ6sWVg6NT).

Author: ```suggestion
If you have any questions about Atlas or want to engage with a community of Atlas users, you are welcome to join the discussion on the [Atlas Discord server](https://discord.gg/zZ6sWVg6NT).
```
